feat!: add variable store to embeddings registry (#2112)
lancedb/lancedb: docs/src/embeddings/custom_embedding_function.md

This is a stripped down version of our implementation of `SentenceTransformerEmbeddings` that removes certain optimizations and default settings.

!!! danger "Use sensitive keys to prevent leaking secrets"

>     To prevent leaking secrets, such as API keys, you should add an configuration
>     parameteres of embedding function to the output of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To prevent leaking secrets, such as API keys, you should add any sensitive
    parameters of an embedding function to the output of the
```
